# GIS-Web-Map-Project-Lab-3-
This web map examines changes in gross median rent in California census tracts from 2010 to 2023, focusing on Qualified Opportunity Zones (QOZs). Using ACS 5-year estimates, 2010 rents were adjusted to 2023 dollars using the Consumer Price Index (CPI) to account for inflation when comparing temporal data. The map layers allow users to toggle between the adjusted 2010 rent, the 2023 rent, and the QOZ boundaries, elucidating the effectiveness of federal development incentives.

A key finding from the map is that QOZs in Los Angeles County are generally located in areas that have not experienced the steepest rent increases over the 2010 to 2023 period. The neighborhoods with the most dramatic rent escalation occur largely along the coast of Santa Monica Bay, and outward into suburban regions such as Chino Hills. By contrast, many QOZ tracts in East LA, Riverside, and other inland areas show moderate rent increases.

This pattern suggests that QOZ designation has not significantly altered the rental market conditions in these communities. Rather than the tax incentivivized areas attracting investment at a rate that would considerably disrupt the rental market, areas near and within QOZs appear to follow broader regional trends with rent growth remaining relatively stable when compared to rapidly appreciating suburban and coastal areas. This does not rule out localized development or other social impacts, the rent data alone imply that QOZs in Los Angeles have had a limited effect on transforming economic conditions at the census tract level.
